README.md, before:

# Capstone: Hit Pan

### Contact Info:
Creator: Sage Klein

Email Address: sageklein@gmail.com

Slack Handle: Sage Klein

Github: (https://github.com/sageklein/Hit-Pan)

Google Doc Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oYZkgrjXfu6rhJ4fZnTcP-tt-WnNyVu8FjaebXpKFBM/edit?usp=sharing



# Pre Proposal: 

Name of Project: HitPan

Brief Proposal: HitPan is an app designed to help people organize their make up. By remembering what make-up the user owns the user will be less likely to purchase a product they already have.They may also add make up to a wish list so they know what they want to buy when it is time for new purchases.

### :: Wish List
Upon login a user will be able to see their make-up wish list.

### :: Collection
Upon login a user will be able to see their personal make-up collection.

### :: Search
Upon login a user will be able to search a make-up API to add make up to their wish list or collection.

### :: Sessions Storage
Using session storage to mimic multiple users using the site concurrently.


### Final Proposal: 
![Image description](/boilerplate/wireFrame.png)

# Initial ERD
![Image description](/boilerplate/ERD.jpg)


# MVP Definition:
- User-specific CRUD for make-up owned
- Add user-specific make-up to wishlist
- Display make-up owned 
- Ability to rate make-up owned


# Planning Links:
https://makeup-api.herokuapp.com

https://dbdiagram.io/

https://codepen.io/pen/

https://reactjs.org/


# WireFrames/Data Relationships:
https://www.figma.com/file/zktBnojjGWWSLoUR8YLjCv/Login?node-id=86192%3A0


## Dependencies used to create HitPan:

1. Functions
2. Databases/API
3. Github
4. CSS
5. Flexbox
6. React
7. Reactstrap/Bootstrap
8. Modals
9. Data entry/editing
10. Relational data
11. Session Storage

## How to Launch HitPan:

1. Clone the repository from Github
2. Open your terminal and type the command "npm install" to install React
3. In the main project directory, create a new directory called "API"
4. In the API directory, create a file called "database.json"
5. Copy the sample data below into database.json
6. Run json-server in port 5002 with database.json
7. In the terminal, type the command "npm start". You are now ready to use HitPan!

Commit message:

I don't even know anymore... Added css to auth and search... Added a favicon and some goals to the README and I have a search bar in SearchList now. I worked on my fetch call too.

README.md, after:

# Capstone: Hit Pan

### Contact Info:
Creator: Sage Klein

Email Address: sageklein@gmail.com

Slack Handle: Sage Klein

Github: (https://github.com/sageklein/Hit-Pan)

Google Doc Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oYZkgrjXfu6rhJ4fZnTcP-tt-WnNyVu8FjaebXpKFBM/edit?usp=sharing



# Pre Proposal: 

Name of Project: HitPan

Brief Proposal: HitPan is an app designed to help people organize their make up. By remembering what make-up the user owns the user will be less likely to purchase a product they already have.They may also add make up to a wish list so they know what they want to buy when it is time for new purchases.

### :: Wish List
Upon login a user will be able to see their make-up wish list.

### :: Collection
Upon login a user will be able to see their personal make-up collection.

### :: Search
Upon login a user will be able to search a make-up API to add make up to their wish list or collection.

### :: Sessions Storage
Using session storage to mimic multiple users using the site concurrently.


### Final Proposal: 
![Image description](/boilerplate/wireFrame.png)

# Initial ERD
![Image description](/boilerplate/ERD.jpg)


# MVP Definition:
- User can register an account and login
- User can search make-up from make-up API
- User can add make-up to wishlist
- User can add make-up to collection of make-up
- User can rate make-up they own
- User can add notes t0 make-up


# Planning Links:
https://makeup-api.herokuapp.com

https://dbdiagram.io/

http://figma.com

https://reactjs.org/


# WireFrames/Data Relationships:
https://www.figma.com/file/zktBnojjGWWSLoUR8YLjCv/Login?node-id=86192%3A0


## Dependencies used to create HitPan:

1. Functions
2. Databases/API
3. Github
4. CSS
5. Flexbox
6. React
7. Reactstrap/Bootstrap
8. Modals
9. Data entry/editing
10. Relational data
11. Session Storage

## How to Launch HitPan:

1. Clone the repository from Github
2. Open your terminal and type the command "npm install" to install React
3. In the main project directory, create a new directory called "API"
4. In the API directory, create a file called "database.json"
5. Copy the sample data below into database.json
6. Run json-server in port 5002 with database.json
7. In the terminal, type the command "npm start". You are now ready to use HitPan!
